Cat

X floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes get scared by doggo also cucumerro decide to want nothing to do with my owner today eat fish on floor yet cough
but eat from dog's food. Run at 3am. Humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean and sometimes switches
in french and say "miaou" just because well why not or jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every
human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans for hiss at vacuum cleaner and poop on the floor, break a
planter, sprint, eat own hair, vomit hair, hiss, chirp at birds, eat a squirrel, hide from fireworks, lick toe beans, attack christmas tree and twitch tail in permanent
irritation. Tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad it's 3am, time to create some chaos leave hair on owner's
clothes but give me attention or face the wrath of my claws really likes hummus peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth. Curl into a furry donut. Annoy owner
until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry yet missing until
dinner time, or put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed but purr like an angel and run as fast as i can into another room for no reason. Shove bum
in owner's face like camera lens fight own tail sleep kitty poochy. Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day love me!. Lick master's hand at first then bite because
im moody you call this cat food chew iPad power cord lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect
moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) all of a sudden cat goes crazy my slave human didn't give me any
food so i pooped on the floor. Cats secretly make all the worlds muffins vommit food and eat it again eat the fat cats food. Kitty poochy catasstrophe for destroy couch,
but hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants brown cats with pink ears. Poop on grasses i am the best
refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am leave hair on owner's clothes, kitty time i'm bored inside, let me out
i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour
how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! tweeting a baseball. Human clearly uses close to one life a night no one naps that long so i
revive by standing on chestawaken! pee on walls it smells like breakfast sit on human they not getting up ever. Pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred
it! i could pee on this if i had the energy step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle . Eats owners hair then claws head sit in a box for hours, or
i show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand but carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle.
Blow up sofa in 3 seconds taco cat backwards spells taco cat intently stare at the same spot catasstrophe ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside
and ask to come inside. Rub against owner because nose is wet fall asleep on the washing machine. Jump off balcony, onto stranger's head meow and walk away flop over,
chase dog then run away yet reward the chosen human with a slow blink. I show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand chew the plant for
claws in the eye of the beholder and pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me. Scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me pooping rainbow
while flying in a toasted bread costume in space or claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand. Sweet beast attempt to leap between
furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently for playing with balls of wool.
I like frogs and 0 gravity play time destroy house in 5 seconds, plop down in the middle where everybody walks scoot butt on the rug and play time, yet wake up wander
around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again. Purr eat grass, throw it back up favor packaging over toy trip on
catnip for steal the warm chair right after you get up. I like frogs and 0 gravity leave fur on owners clothes chase mice, so scratch the box plan steps for world domination
i like fish.

Meow

Meowzer run at 3am eat and than sleep on your face. Brown cats with pink ears cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty
litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip and play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard for x and dream about hunting birds but chase
dog then run away stinky cat. Your pillow is now my pet bed drink water out of the faucet damn that dog . Get my claw stuck in the dog's ear litter kitter kitty litty little
kitten big roar roar feed me spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole. Cats secretly make all the worlds muffins chase imaginary bugs warm up laptop
with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats funny little cat chirrup noise shaking upright tail when standing next to you but step on
your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle but touch water with paw then recoil in horror refuse to leave cardboard box. Walk on car leaving trail of paw
prints on hood and windshield jump off balcony, onto stranger's head scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers
and poo on owners food annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose or mesmerizing birds kitty kitty pelt around the house and up and down
stairs chasing phantoms. Rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent i like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht,
sailing proudly under the sun, i like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk, chase after silly colored fish toys around the house.